+++
title="September 2020 Virtual North Bay Chapter Event"
date="2020-09-24"
+++
Location: Virtual Zoom Meeting

Meeting Date: Thursday September 24, 2020

Start/End Times: 6pm PST – 7pm PST
<!--more-->

You must pre-register for this event by sending an email to hanna.sicker@isc2-northbay-chapter.org

No cost or required fee to join our ISC2 North Bay Chapter

Event Details

Closing the Cybersecurity Skills and Employment Diversity Gap Through Mentorship

Strong mentorship can be important to any professional, regardless of how advanced they are in their career or skills. Many people have the desire to change their career and get into the cybersecurity field. Mentorship plays a critical role in helping the underprivileged learn what it takes to pursue a career in cybersecurity. As cybersecurity professionals, it is our duty to bring diversity to the field by coaching those in underserved communities and arming them with the skills they need to reach their goals. In addition, we need to support existing security practitioners as they work toward their career goals; whether it's building leadership skills, becoming better public speakers, or learning new technical skills to improve their job performance. 

We are hosting our first mentorship event with experts from a variety of backgrounds and cybersecurity disciplines. Our diverse panel of experts will share their experiences and answer your questions. We will then work to pair you with a mentor that is well matched to help you on your career journey. 

Whether you are a seasoned cybersecurity professional looking to advance your career, a recent graduate trying to break into the job market, or someone looking to pivot from their current job into cybersecurity, our mission is to help.

If you are not a member of the ISC2 North Bay Chapter and you live in the North Bay and are interested in taking your cybersecurity career to the next level, please join us.

Event Speakers

Cynthia Ardman: AWS Security Engineer II (Corporate Infrastructure) 

Victor Ramensky: ISO Bank of Marin

Trang Tran: Sr. Manager, Compliance and Internal Audit at Box

Steve Shead: CTO & CIO at Technology Credit Union

Kevin Lambert: Information Security Manager at Rocketlawyer

Kristy Lee: Sr. Information Security Specialist at eHealth

Robert Esposito: Cyber Security Consultant at Presidio
