+++
title="December 2020 Virtual North Bay Chapter Mentorship Event"
description="Interviewing for Cyber Security Jobs (How to build a resume & How to present yourself)"
date='2020-12-10'
+++
Location: Virtual Zoom Meeting

Meeting Date: Thursday, December 10, 2020
<!--more-->
Start/End Times: 6pm PST – 7:30pm PST

No cost or required fee to join our ISC2 North Bay Chapter

Event Details

Interviewing for Cyber Security Jobs (How to build a resume & How to present yourself)

We are very excited to host our 2nd mentorship event to help many of you with your cyber security career. Our panel of experts for this event consists of cyber security hiring managers and recruiters who will provide an inside view of how companies hire cyber talent, what they look for in candidates, and which resumes make it past the screening process.

Whether you are a seasoned cybersecurity professional looking to advance your career, a recent graduate trying to break into the job market, or someone looking to pivot from their current job into cybersecurity, our mission is to help. If you are not a member of the ISC2 North Bay Chapter and whether you live in the North Bay or somewhere in the world and are interested in taking your cybersecurity career to the next level, please  
After registering, you will receive a confirmation email containing information about joining the meeting.

Note: If you need help with your resume and you would like to share it before or after the event, please feel free to send me the latest copy. Also please confirm if we can share the highlight of your resume during the event without exposing your name.

Moderator

Robert Esposito: Cyber Security Consultant at Presidio – Robert is very passionate about cyber security with over 25 years of networking and cyber security experience, having worked at startups and large companies, in consultative and technical sales and engineering roles. With emphasis on Systems Integration and SECOPS, he has worked extensively with Security Information and Event Management (SIEM), User Entity Behavior Analytics (UEBA/UBA), Playbooks, and Security Orchestration, Automation, & Response (SOAR) and holds a patent in machine learning for botnet behavior detection used by Boeing. Robert has an MBA from Pepperdine University, Malibu, CA, and holds CISSP, CEH, and other security vendor certifications and loves to learn, help others, and innovate.

Panelists

Megan Bell: CISO/CPO at Human API& founder of Mumuration, Inc. - Megan has 20+ years of experience in building data products and services, and 15+ working with regulated data. Currently, she consults on data anonymization, privacy-by-design, and security/ privacy analytics, as well as training programs for InfoSec analytics. Previously, she led a consulting practice focused on investigations, forensics, and incident response.

Launa (Forehand) Rich: Managing Director in San Francisco, she oversees all West Coast cybersecurity staffing for CyberSN (cybersn.com), a cybersecurity staffing, technology, and research firm. Rich was formerly a Director of Staffing at Talener, a technical staffing firm in San Francisco. After graduating from the University of Virginia, Rich moved to New York City to begin her career in technical staffing. She was then promoted to a management position at Motion Recruitment, moving to San Francisco building a team specialized in DevOps placement services. Rich brought that specialization to Talener’s New York office and then returned to San Francisco, as a Director, overseeing and expanding the Bay Area presence. She is the SF Organizer for Day of Shecurity, a not-for-profit working to address diversity in cybersecurity and the cybersecurity talent shortage.

Robert Lee: VP, Information Security Officer (ISO) at Exchange Bank. He has over ten years ofpublic and private sector experience in Information Security Governance Risk and Compliance (GRC) management with a focus on Cyber Resilience, Business Continuity , E-discovery, and technology audit and risk assessments. Robert has numerous information security certifications including CISSP, CISA, CISM, CDPSE and has a Masters in Information Security. Robert is a member of ISACA (SF Chapter), ISC2 (North Bay Chapter), Multi State Information Sharing and Analysis Center ( MS-ISAC) , Financial Sector Information Sharing and Analysis Center(FS-ISAC), Project Management Institute (PMI)-Wine County Chapter, and is the former security co-chair of the Municipal Information Systems Association of California (MISAC).

Victor Ramensky: ISO Bank of Marin - IT & Security Professional with over 20 years in IT Management. Computer technologies areas such as cybersecurity, BI, IT management, software programming, office suites, internet/intranet, communications, networking, databases, business software, and general data analysis, and holds CISSP, PMP, CSM, and ITIL certifications.
